#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==3.7.1
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   prolog-kernel
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
comm==0.2.1
    # via ipykernel
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via prolog-kernel
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.3
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   prolog-kernel
ipython==8.22.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
    #   prolog-kernel
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.17
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   prolog-kernel
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab==3.2.9
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.3
    # via jupyterlab
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.5.6
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.8
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via nbclassic
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via jupyter-core
prolog-kernel==0.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via jupyter-client
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
